README.md, before:

# authorNotes

If you're anything like me you make highlights in your Kindle while reading as often as a confused 8th grader researching for a book report. Amazon stores these in a big .txt file on the device ordered by the date the quote was highlighted, which isn't so great for recalling which specific lines Jane Austen said that made Mark Twain hate her so much. Luckily it's a great format for a computer to understand. Which means it _can_ be a great format for you to understand and reminisce properly.

[I made a web app](https://chemikyle.github.io/authorNotes/) to sort through your Kindle clippings and present them in a more manageable manner so you can more easily navigate them, and readily echo those funny things Dave Eggers said and try to pass yourself off as witty at dinner parties. Simply upload your "My Clippings.txt" file from your Kindle to the site and your highlights will be presented on the right page.  
Currently shown as a large scrollable file formatted by author and by book, but as I learn more I'll eventually add drop down menus for each author.

I used to do this with a handful of python and shell programs, I've left them in /processing_scripts for anyone who wants to tweak it, or just run it on their own machine.

Commit message:

Added funny (see: stupid) literary references

README.md, after:

# authorNotes

If you're anything like me you make highlights in your Kindle while reading as often as a confused 8th grader researching for a book report. Amazon stores these in a big .txt file on the device ordered by the date the quote was highlighted; this isn't the best for recalling why exactly Kurt Vonnegut hated semicolons, but it's a great format for a computer to understand. Which means it _can_ be a great format for you to understand, reminisce properly, and ultimately make more literary references to seem smarter.

[I made a web app](https://chemikyle.github.io/authorNotes/) to sort through your Kindle clippings and present them in a more manageable manner so you can more easily navigate them, and readily echo those funny things Dave Eggers said and try to pass yourself off as witty at dinner parties. Simply upload your "My Clippings.txt" file from your Kindle to the site and your highlights will be presented on the right page.  
Currently shown as a large scrollable file formatted by author and by book, but as I learn more I'll eventually add drop down menus for each author.

I used to do this with a handful of python and shell programs, I've left them in /processing_scripts for anyone who wants to tweak it, or just run it on their own machine.
